Boy, look at you so pitiful
Grandpa, I am very merciful
You hit the remnant rack four times
Your aunt asked me to do justice to my fifth master
It's not those two trash this time.
Fine
Your parents and aunt asked the little fifth master to catch you and go back?
Does Fu Dahei dare to offend my aunt when he knows?
How dare you tell me
Kneel and kowtow now
I am happy
Don't beat you up.
Your Su family is really brave.
Dare to interfere in my business
Little prince
He clearly knows that I am your person and still dares to do it
He didn't take you seriously at all
You're fucking hiring laws
In this Lujia Village, no one has ever dared to play with me
Come on, I'll kill you directly today
Ah!
How did that happen?
Damn it, die for me
Will speak well
Fuck you tired self-driving
How could I beat him to death
I'm dead at the age of five
Xiao Wang, are you?
You block me, don't you just bite people?
I can't do it right
No one now